all right so out here on Clemson's
practice field and the conditions are
absolutely terrible we got we got
Chandler Catanzaro trying to kick field
girls and he's just absolutely
disgusting
Brian Sims he's only a walk-on watch as
he tries to make this kick probably one
of the best kickers I've ever seen in my
life
go ahead Brian give it a whirl yeah he's
not gonna kick he's he's a little
camera-shy
well the hole is blown so we got to get
packed in its raw and survive for nearly
20 periods
of ingenuity thank you for watching have
a good day I like to stick to my soccer
roots like to represent all the soccer
players out there this one's for you
okay let's make sure the ball has enough
air in it if it doesn't just how to form
the ball a little bit get a little a
little more juicy set it up right here
lean slightly side she's got to pick a
spot I aim for
I'm gonna find my steps and ten back in
five across